ben fisherman friend hello i'm going to do
a little video to show you how
in me personally I ride my friends
are for trout toc
some buy them nearby it's more
easy but hey it's easier but
I can do better the climbs
myself so I take my son the g
take the time of the fluo colors
so that the video can be seen so
and a hook the blue amisom reversed from
8 did not seduce
we can put 10 12 knots in
according to the part we use
so I take my son I do a
loop this loop is done in the g
little piece of girl and the body of my
line I take it out I get out of
the mosson on the loop like this and I
pliers with thumb and forefinger
so I take the little girl
the piece of little girl who passed
so and I go around the pole of
the house I do it this time I
always check that my son is
always above the pallet
that's very important I
pig just now for what
so I'm doing this round why
this time play one trick a day
should the week begin at which
fishing game monday tuesday wednesday
monsters are always mounted from the
same way that I think I have
does this I know more and I do
always my son above me
and then I always take the little
sons like these young ones slips
in the ring in the loop and that I
made
here
i weigh my soul are the alsace is a
week shooting on the big son
which is done
you see that I have my son who is
always above the pallet
why am I doing this because everything
just that I'm going to make a trout
the position of the trout of the hook
we're going to end up with a thread
who climb like that who does not touch
the appliance of the house if I left
my share my son underneath looking up like
that and disney on the palette and could
break often missing a fish
they say she broke my class and because
that just the son rubbed on
the pallet has weakened and during the
fight
this son has let go so it's very
importantly I'm very careful about
that monkey always above the
palette
then I make a decision and I
chopped off
the queue surplus
this is my soul went up see it
lasted a few seconds went very quickly
do so often I prepare some
souls at home at home I ride
on a leader 1 / and I have them
always available when I
fishing it saves me from wasting time at
edge of the good the times to fishing
it's totally relative to the east
I hope it helps you
soon goodbye